Homes360
Strata Community Empowerment solutions
The committee is identified as the owners of the entity with realtime full control and assess.
The property management companies enjoy the dashboard of all the properties under their operations.
The units are transformed into Non-Fungible Assets (NFA) and being transferred to the respective owners.
The owners enjoy the autonomy of managing their tenants, visitors, car parks and billings.
Privacy and security is safeguarded for all owners while maintaining effective communication with Beep! where identities are shielded.
Workflow management and tracker tying to contractors and workers is the key to efficiency.
Enabling home owners to directly dictate the market price or engage property agents.
A real game changer, finally.

Prop360
Smart One-Stop Real Estate Marketplace
The backend is supported by 4 parties:
1. Project Gallery: Property Developers
2. REN (Real Estate Negotiators)
3. REA (Real Estate Agencies)
4. Homes360: Real Estate owners
Our first of its kind TikTok like multi-clip placement provides eye catching and fast browsing.
The unprecedented positive and negative filters with mandatory and optional selections enable users to find their dream homes.
Base on the philosophy that “Everything is for sale at the right price”, the wishlist of users are discreetly linked to the relevant home owners. In other words the marketplace is dynamically live and genuine.
A real game changer, finally.

MOP360
Some say mortgages are the longest “financial jail term” one could experience. And true enough failure to settle mortgages remain one of the top reasons for bankruptcy.
A home loan normally takes over 20 years and double the loan principal amount to pay off. Even if standing instruction or direct debit is arranged the best case scenario for one is still…to pay off the loan as per agreed tenure with double the amount borrowed, due to compounding interests charged.
With MOP360 now you can tailor your savings in accordance with your affordability, without having to pay one lump sum in advance.
How much interest to save? How long to pay off the mortgage? Now you are in charge, now you are the boss, not the banks, not the financial institutions.

Market360
Digitisation. Mobilisation. Connection.
A full-fledged Offline-to-Online (O2O) business hub that helps businesses stay connected to the market, with complete e-commerce capabilities.
No more printed name cards, no more printed leaflets and brochures, no more close loop membership system…and may even make conventional websites irrelevant in this day and age.
Stay connected with your fans and followers via Wall and Events. Offer discount vouchers for promotional items. Work with influencers using promo-codes to sell your products and services. Membership and loyalty points system available to keep your customers with you.
Endorsements from your supporters, Review and Ratings from satisfied customers will build your business’s branding and goodwill digitally, eventually the trusted value of the business itself.
Your customer base. Your brand value. Your business hub. Market360.

Org360
Smarter system for smarter organisations.
Share the latest updates to your community, keep them engage by your wall posts, manage your events with RSVP and ticket selling, and enable multiple online membership subscription with reminders!
With Org360 you can now interact with your community via Beep!, conduct verified e-Polling and even authenticated e-Voting, all in one solution!
The best part is, the committee can access the system realtime anytime anywhere. At every AGM the ownership of the organisation can be transferred from the outgoing to the incoming committee, enabling smooth and effective transition of authority!
For full membership management and engagement, Org360.

Cardle
Ever wonder where your business cards usually end up? When you receive someone else’s business card, would you trust the contents on face value? How far would you go to verify them?
With Cardle, an “Unverified” watermark will be seen before relevant documents are uploaded.
Once “Cross-Checked” you will be able to setup your team. 1st create the position, then scan his/her PID QR code to assign Cardle to him/her. This means his/her position is verified by the authoriser.
The Cardle can be shared out easily with the QR code or link to another party. But what if you are in an event with over hundreds of people? No worries, we have “Bump!” to scan for contacts around you! You can then request to “exchange” business cards with them, and they will end up as your contacts!
As our tagline goes “Love at 1st sight, Engagement at 1st touch”, with one tap Cardle enables you to engage with your new acquaintances instantly, not just showcasing your products and services, but also e-commerce enabled for ordering, payment and shipping. On top of that you could also offer discount vouchers and membership loyalty program to them!
With “Badges” now status, certificates, awards and qualifications can be awarded and traceable back to the source when tapped!
Welcome to enjoy a more secured technology.
Trust matters.

SignaTrue
“Today’s most trusted signature technology!”
1st of all, your privacy is our main concern. You can choose to encrypt the file with password before uploading it. So only you and your signers are able to view the content!
2ndly, the most critical part of a signature is…to prove that it’s legit and true of course! SignaTrue enables the initiator to decide the requirements of the signers’ identity verification such as email, mobile phone number, national ID, address proof and whatnot.
Next, besides setting a time frame of the effectiveness of the document, the initiator can require the GPS of the signers to be turned on. As a result, the SignaTrue technology can conclude:
1. The signers’ identities
2. Where they sign
3. Their IP access
4. When they sign (with timestamps)
Last but not least, the original document can be verified on the blockchain, making history that a digital document can now be more trustworthy than its physical counterpart!
You can now certainly carry on your global approval processes and legal documentation with maximum efficiency and total peace of mind.
Yours truly, SignaTrue.

Community360
World’s first tech infrastructure utilised for charity work and public good, with the tagline “Walk the Talk.” We believe every human being finds bliss in helping others in need. However in reality there are just too many excuses preventing one for doing good.
Where are the needy? What do they need? Who are they? Are they genuine?
When one doesn’t get any answers, one’s contributions would be delayed, or even forgotten eventually.
Community360 closes this information gap by linking up charitable organisations for them to publish their needs in the app, so they are visible in the GopherMap to the kind hearted users, or even for companies to fulfil their CSR.
Change the world beyond lip service. Walk the Talk.